[docs] add document for running BR tests locally (#7044)
openthread/openthread: tests/scripts/thread-cert/border_router/README.md

# OpenThread Border Router Tests

## Run Border Router (BR) tests locally

BR tests run in isolated Docker network and containers, so new OTBR Docker image needs to be created before running the tests:

```shell
# Clear current OpenThread directory (remember to add new source files).
git clean -xfd

# Rebuild the OTBR Docker image if OTBR source code is updated.

> ./script/test build_otbr_docker

Reviewer: nit: We can use `TREL=1 ./script/test build_otbr_docker` to enable TREL.

Reviewer: Add command on how to use `LOCAL_OTBR_DIR`?

> ./script/test get_thread_wireshark

Reviewer 2: This step is only needed when /tmp is cleaned. This script will delete and re-download the library if you re-run it, which is unnecessary.

# Build simulated OpenThread firmware.
VIRTUAL_TIME=0 ./script/test build

# Run the BR tests locally.

> VERBOSE=1 PACKET_VERIFICATION=1 VIRTUAL_TIME=0 ./script/test cert_suite ./tests/scripts/thread-cert/border_router/test_advertising_proxy.py

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sudo VERBOSE=1 PACKET_VERIFICATION=1 VIRTUAL_TIME=0 ./script/test cert_suite ./tests/scripts/thread-cert/border_router/test_advertising_proxy.py
```

> VERBOSE=1 PACKET_VERIFICATION=1 VIRTUAL_TIME=0 ./script/test cert_suite ./tests/scripts/thread-cert/border_router/test_advertising_proxy.py

Reviewer 2: Replace `test_advertising_proxy.py` with a variable to keep generality?

# OpenThread Border Router Tests

## Run Border Router (BR) tests locally

> BR tests run in isolated Docker network and containers, so new OTBR Docker image needs to be created before running the tests:

Reviewer 3: LGTM - might want to say: 
BR tests run in isolated Docker network and containers, so a new OTBR Docker image needs to be created before running these tests:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
BR tests run in isolated Docker network and containers, so a new OTBR Docker image needs to be created before running these tests:
```
